New A-Team Movie in 2010!
Published on January 10, 2010.
There was recently a trailer released for the new A-Team movie coming out this year:
While the movie looks like it might be good, I have a few concerns.
Mr. T is not in it
It looks like people actually get shot in the movie
My first concern is that since Mr. T is still huge and in charge these days, why not just have him play B.A. Baracus!
I pity the fool who has to play Mr. T’s part while not actually being Mr. T. I bet he even has a last name with more than one character!
My second concern is that people will get shot in this movie.
In the TV show, no one ever got shot.
They were shot at, but no bullets ever entered anyone.
Actually, I think there may have been an episode where a person was shot, but I don’t think it was ever fatal.
I hope that they at least make Mr. T (or the dude who’s playing him) afraid of flying.
It looks like it from the scene in the plane in the trailer.
It’s kind of hard to tell, but I bet he drank some drugged milk or something.
Oh, and Liam Neeson as Hannibal seems kind of wrong, but maybe he can pull it off.